Most of the code in this software distribution falls under the purview
of the following license:

Copyright (c) 2013, Abhishek Udupa, University of Pennsylvania, All
rights reserved.
 
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
software must display the following acknowledgement: This product
includes software developed by The University of Pennsylvania
4. Neither the name of the University of Pennsylvania nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER ''AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE

The above license does NOT apply to the code found in the following
subdirectories in the original distribution:

src/z3-4.3.1:
This software is packaged along with the Z3 SMT solver as a
convenience, and as such, the SMT solver does not fall under the
purview of the above license. Details of the licensing terms for Z3
can be found under the src/z3-4.3.1 directory in the original
distribution. 

src/external/sparsehash:
In addition, certain parts of this code depends on the
hash map and hash set libraries developed by Google Inc. The licensing
terms for these may be found in the appropriate directory.

src/external/spookyhash:
The licensing terms for this hash library can be found in the
appropriate directory as well.

The author and the University of Pennsylvania make no claims of
ownership or having developed the code in the Z3 SMT solver, the
Google Sparse Hash Libraries and the Spooky Hash Library. They are
only packaged together for convenience of the user. The user must
ensure that the licensing terms of these software packages are met as
well.
